Our next project is going to be called Codemasters.
So what we're going to be building over here.
Well first things first you can see that again we're going to have a now.
And so here we're going to have all of them.
These are going to be the links.
And as I'm covering all the links right the color changes here and the background and I know he'll going
to have a font.
Awesome.
All right so the font answer my cousins over here are going to be our social media icons.
However if I go here to the smaller screen.
Right.
First you are going to see that how they see Fluxbox is working right.
Or here you can see that how they're actually rapping.
And if I go to the smaller screen right now we're actually left with only a button right the links are
gone.
Right.
So here now we don't have any phantasms.
We only have the links here.
Right.
So the phantasms are only going to be appearing on the bigger screen.
All right.
We're going to look at how we can create this effect where actually once we click the button or here
right you can see that actually the links are here right.
You can see that the bars are changing.
All right so it's not just clicking the button.
Nothing is happening.
But over here you can see that these bars are transforming.
And once we're done with the number few more things that we can actually add.
All right.
So we're scrolling down.
You can see it.
We're going to look at how we can have this effect.
All right.
Well there's going to be a darker background all right for the home bar.
And also we're going to have a smooth scrolling.
So if I press over here you can see that it's going to scroll to skills that is going to scroll to about
and are we're going to have a project and all of this is going to be pretty.
All right.
So basically when I look at how we can use a smooth scrolling and also how we can how to here this background
for the number only when it's at a certain point in our document then after that we're going to have
a banner around here where we're actually going to look at how we can create a card like this.
Right.
This is going to be the name over here.
And then this is going to be on here our skills section.
We're going to look at how we can create these kind of borders here and this right.
And you can see that we're going to be using a C Ss fluxbox.
And since it's great to actually get them side by side.
Now the borders are only going to be appearing on the bigger screen.
Right.
But you can see that it's still going to be responsive.
So if I got the smaller screen right you can see that there are going to be one and after that once
we got to the bigger screen right.
Actually two of them side by side.
Then after that we're going to look at a clip path of how we can create or hear this type of image right.
So the image is in the background then we have side by side next door here.
However right now the image actually has a border shape right so I'm starting to slant it right.
So it's not straight up it's actually slanted.
And after that we're going to use a grid to create this kind of effect.
Right.
So you can see they're We're going to have a masonry effect but you can see that it's not going to be
straight up even just side by side.
Right.
We're going to look at actually how we can create this type of masonry where the images are changing
the size right and changing that with this right.
Also some of the images right you can see that we're going to have these background effect right.
Or basically as was crawling up and down right you can see the image states now but it's not the case
for all.
And obviously a very basic one as we're hovering right the capacity is going to change.
Then after that this is going to be our team members section and over here we're going to be implementing
a J.A.G. carousel.
Right.
And on here we're going to look at how it looks when let's say all five items on a bigger screen.
Because by default that AJ query how plug in actually is responsive.
All right so what's happening that if we go let's say them the small screen.
We only have three of them right and we're not going to be using a C Ss fluxbox for right or great.
It's actually going to be built in Jake.
All right.
And also we're going to look at how we can style these buttons right to the colors that we want.
Right.
And you can see or hear a lot of Crusoe's work.
And if we're actually going to go to the small screen right then we're going to have a single element
like this.
Right.
So this is how we can actually do this with our Carrousel.
Then after that what we would want to do is repeat with an hour kaso right.
Here actually going to have a less items here.
Right.
So there's is only going to be three of them like this.
And you can see we're going to make a card.
This is going to be fun.
We're going to look at how we can place image all the way in the bottom here.
Right.
So it's all the card.
And as you can see over here this is going to be the background.
Right.
But the difference again this is going to have less or here our carso items right.
So this is not going to have five real it over here we looked at five.
Here we're going to look at three of them.
None of them that we don't have a form.
We're going to have a contact over here.
Right.
And this is going to be the input elements over here.
This is going to be our text area and or here on the left hand side.
This is going to be our contact information.